README.md, before:

# leetcode-solutions
A collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub 2.0](https://github.com/maitreya2954/LeetHub-2.0-Firefox)

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0036-valid-sudoku](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0036-valid-sudoku) |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0128-longest-consecutive-sequence](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0128-longest-consecutive-sequence) |
| [0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0217-contains-duplicate](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0217-contains-duplicate) |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
| [0303-range-sum-query-immutable](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0303-range-sum-query-immutable) |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
| [0792-binary-search](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0792-binary-search) |
| [0907-koko-eating-bananas](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0907-koko-eating-bananas) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0036-valid-sudoku](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0036-valid-sudoku) |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0128-longest-consecutive-sequence](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0128-longest-consecutive-sequence) |
| [0217-contains-duplicate](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0217-contains-duplicate) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0069-sqrtx](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0069-sqrtx) |
| [0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0792-binary-search](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0792-binary-search) |
| [0907-koko-eating-bananas](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0907-koko-eating-bananas) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0155-min-stack](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0155-min-stack) |
## Monotonic Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
## Concurrency
|  |
| ------- |
| [1187-print-foobar-alternately](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/1187-print-foobar-alternately) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
## Design
|  |
| ------- |
| [0155-min-stack](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0155-min-stack) |
| [0303-range-sum-query-immutable](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0303-range-sum-query-immutable) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0217-contains-duplicate](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0217-contains-duplicate) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0069-sqrtx](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0069-sqrtx) |
## Union Find
|  |
| ------- |
| [0128-longest-consecutive-sequence](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0128-longest-consecutive-sequence) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
| [0303-range-sum-query-immutable](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0303-range-sum-query-immutable) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0036-valid-sudoku](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0036-valid-sudoku) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
## Bucket Sort
|  |
| ------- |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
## Quickselect
|  |
| ------- |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

2691-COUNT-VOWEL-STRINGS-IN-RANGES Stats: Time: 13 ms (96.63%), Space: 49.6 MB (75.6%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# leetcode-solutions
A collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub 2.0](https://github.com/maitreya2954/LeetHub-2.0-Firefox)

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0036-valid-sudoku](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0036-valid-sudoku) |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0128-longest-consecutive-sequence](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0128-longest-consecutive-sequence) |
| [0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0217-contains-duplicate](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0217-contains-duplicate) |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
| [0303-range-sum-query-immutable](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0303-range-sum-query-immutable) |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
| [0792-binary-search](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0792-binary-search) |
| [0907-koko-eating-bananas](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0907-koko-eating-bananas) |
| [2691-count-vowel-strings-in-ranges](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/2691-count-vowel-strings-in-ranges) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0036-valid-sudoku](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0036-valid-sudoku) |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0128-longest-consecutive-sequence](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0128-longest-consecutive-sequence) |
| [0217-contains-duplicate](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0217-contains-duplicate) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0069-sqrtx](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0069-sqrtx) |
| [0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0792-binary-search](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0792-binary-search) |
| [0907-koko-eating-bananas](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0907-koko-eating-bananas) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0155-min-stack](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0155-min-stack) |
## Monotonic Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
## Concurrency
|  |
| ------- |
| [1187-print-foobar-alternately](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/1187-print-foobar-alternately) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
| [2691-count-vowel-strings-in-ranges](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/2691-count-vowel-strings-in-ranges) |
## Design
|  |
| ------- |
| [0155-min-stack](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0155-min-stack) |
| [0303-range-sum-query-immutable](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0303-range-sum-query-immutable) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0217-contains-duplicate](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0217-contains-duplicate) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0069-sqrtx](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0069-sqrtx) |
## Union Find
|  |
| ------- |
| [0128-longest-consecutive-sequence](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0128-longest-consecutive-sequence) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
| [0303-range-sum-query-immutable](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0303-range-sum-query-immutable) |
| [2691-count-vowel-strings-in-ranges](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/2691-count-vowel-strings-in-ranges) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0036-valid-sudoku](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0036-valid-sudoku) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
## Bucket Sort
|  |
| ------- |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
## Quickselect
|  |
| ------- |
| [0347-top-k-frequent-elements](https://github.com/jb-cheng/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0347-top-k-frequent-elements) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
